midPoint 3.4 "Heisenberg Update 1"
----------------------------------

Release 3.4.1 is a seventeenth midPoint release. It is a first maintenance
update for 3.4.x version family code-named Heisenberg. The Heisenberg 
release brings identity governance features and significant user interface
improvements. This maintenance update brings a number of fixes and minor
improvements.

Release date: 13th September 2016

Changes with respect to version 3.3:
    Access certification (production quality)
    Entitlement approval support
    Support for overlay projects and deep customization
    Major GUI improvements
        Role selection and request dialog
        Significantly improved look and feel
        Look and feel unification and streamlining
        Loading of projections (accounts) on demand
        Improved search dialogs
        Significantly improved resource management pages
        Improved approval pages
        Improved dashboards
        Improved organizational structure pages
        Improved the display of operation results
        Introduced breadcrumbs and improved behavior of 'back' buttons
        Resource wizard fixes and improvements
        Usability improvements
        GUI language detection and management improvements
    Support for custom GUI forms (Wicket components)
    Support for Service objects (ServiceType) to represent servers, network 
      devices, mobile devices, network services, etc.
    Support for base context searches for connectors that support object 
      hierarchies (such as LDAP)
    Improved support for entitlement associations that use non-identifier values
    Support for volatile attributes in provisioning objects (volatilityTrigger)
    Matching rule for XML-formatted string attributes and UUIDs
    Automatic determination of matching rules based on ConnId subtypes.
    Password retention policy
    Support for orgRelation authorization that allows dynamic delegated 
      administration.
    Support for role/org owners in authorizations and other authorization 
      improvements
    LDAP-based AD connector in full production quality
    Support for Active Directory multi-domain environment in LDAP-based AD 
      connector
    Support for permissive modify control in LDAP connector
    Organizational structure recursion for associationFromLink expressions
    Emphasized properties that will be always displayed (even if they are empty)
    Support for lockoutStatus activation mapping
    Pre configured databases of locales and timezones
    Full support for Java 8 environment (both build and runtime)
    Diagnostics improvements (connector statistics, logging improvements)
    Improved documentation
    LDAP-based AD connector support invocation of commands and powershell 
      scripts by using the WinRM interface.
    Object templates can be specified for user, role, org and service subtypes.
    Dynamic resolution of targetRef in assignment/inducement
    Password history
    Support for expression tracing for any individual expression
    Reindex task
    Minor GUI improvements
    Java 7 platform support is deprecated
    .NET-based exchange connector is deprecated

Changes with respect to version 3.4:
    LDAP-based AD connector support invocation of commands and powershell 
      scripts by using the WinRM interface.
    Object templates can be specified for user, role, org and service subtypes.
    Dynamic resolution of targetRef in assignment/inducement
    Password history
    Support for expression tracing for any individual expression
    Reindex task
    Minor GUI improvements
    Java 7 platform support is deprecated
    .NET-based exchange connector is deprecated

Java 7 platform is still supported but it is deprecated.
XPath2 scripting is deprecated and it is not supported in Java8 environment.
